(#321) Update Create Custom Package Templates page (#322)
chocolatey/docs: input/en-us/guides/create/create-custom-package-templates.md

### Can I replace the built-in template?

If you are using Chocolatey CLI version 0.12.0 or later, you can use the [`choco template` command](https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/create/commands/template) to list the installed templates and [set the `defaultTemplateName`](xref:configuration#general) to set the template to be used by default when running the `choco new` command.

> If you are using a version of Chocolatey CLI earlier than 0.12.0 then you can replace the built-in template by copying the template to a folder called `default`. The `choco new` command will then use that by default.

Reviewer: `defaultTemplateName` is now the recommended way to set the default template, but v0.12.0 still has the code for using the manually copied `default` template that overrides the built-in template. 

This sentence could be read as implying that the manually copied `default` template would no longer work in v0.12.0.

Author: I've amended that to be clearer.

Install-ChocolateyInstallPackage @packageArgs
~~~

Once installed, call this with `choco new test -t <TEMPLATE NAME> CustomValue=Yes`

### Manage Templates as packages

If you have Chocolatey v0.9.10+, you can manage templates as packages allowing you to upgrade a template when a new version is available. When it comes to packaging templates, Chocolatey takes a conventional approach. You must create a package with the suffix ".template" and have a templates folder.

To manage a template as a package, create a new package with the name "<TEMPLATE NAME>.template". The name of the package minus the ".template" will be the name of the template.

> Then create a templates folder in the default Chocolatey install location. This is where the template goes. The only thing to remember is that the nuspec file created here must end in ".template" as a Chocolatey package allows only one nuspec file.

Reviewer: The templates folder in the `.template` package should be next to the `<template name>.template.nuspec`, not in `$env:ChocolateyInstall` 

```suggestion
Then create a templates folder next to the `<TEMPLATE NAME>.template.nuspec`. This folder is where the template goes. The only thing to remember is that the nuspec file created here must end in ".template" (e.g. `<TEMPLATE NAME>.nuspec.template`) as a Chocolatey package allows only one nuspec file.
```

Author: Done. I was looking at the File Explorer screenshot above when writing this!
